okay today we have Mike with his
motorcycle we're gonna do a little
battery replacement Mike tell us about
this bike what is it
it's Suzuki GSXR 1000 and it's 2003 how
fast this sucker go fast irbm was 175
and what cc engine is it it's a thousand
CCS engine alright any special mods or
anything on it no special mods as of yet
okay and we're trying to lose the weight
today so we're going to extract this led
battery go ahead and show us to take it
out so we can show the folks at home
just how easy this is
okay there goes the negative
okay
well how heavy is that say about I don't
know like it's about it's about 10
pounds it's about that bouncy and I
would say at least there's the size
difference quite a bit all right throw
that sucker in the boat all right
now this is a lithium battery from
Falcon tv.com
aka lithium racing battery calm this is
a prototype but they're all worth they
one two three cells so it all worked the
same this is our insulator around the
positive terminal so go ahead and hook
those right up that's the negative yep
don't drop it
get me to help
there's a washer on there yeah that uh
okay on the other side of yeah usually
washer goes on the that side right
that's fine
well the hole in that put the washer on
this side the washer should go under the
nut just so uh
yeah there we go cuz it holds a little
bigger in the terminal get your
screwdriver okay do you need to put this
this this goes on no I just do the
accessories later okay maybe just make a
point yeah we're just hooking it up
right now for testing
all right
they don't have in your room here and we
have to bring that up over the top can
we guess you can stick it in like that
whatever just bend that down however you
want can just come out over this way or
give you a little more room to work I
can walk around it all right yeah
okay nice and tight and we're going to
pull this over to insulate it pull it up
around there just to cover the positive
slide it up there
yeah
okay now of course as you see we get
some extra space around here later on
he'll put some padding around there to
isolate it keep it from bouncing around
but for most part there's your
installation on a hard wire he's not
going to be pulling it out so we don't
need any quick ten quick disconnects
this is an eight-cell a 1 2 3 12 volt
4.6 amp battery so here we go we're
gonna start it see what happens
congratulations Mike oh yes thank you
wait doing some testing and talk to you
later thank you